(?) add new way for users to create custom tasks involving a lot of head aches on my part but should be the ultimate final task type
(?) create language option per player
(?) create LITE mode, where players can join bingo in the middle of a survival world, without needing to be teleported to any other world
(?) Folia support

(BLOCKED: would only be available for singular configuration servers) (?) add small biomes option using datapack

(?) add way to reopen/sync team selection menu for all players that are in it

(?) add spam prevention on player gui's/ options

(?) refactor card recovery (its shit).

(?) add Hologram wizard item to /bingo hologram to allow players to place scoreboards in the world

(?) on paginated menu apply filter, maybe change the item names to color the filtered phrase differently.

(?) add progress view to tasks

(?) add support to also edit NonSerializable config options

(3.x) add /bingo info command to receive hover message of current game settings, game status, etc...
(3.x) add custom resource pack
(3.x) reimplement resource pack spacing inside the resource pack instead of using a separate pack
(3.x) add way to view other teams' cards
(3.x) add reload config command to reload all config options by saving the config.yml file externally
(3.x) add web editor for nbt files
(3.x) implement card view placed on a map as the bingo card
(3.x) add purging to debug log
(3.x) add automatic updates to config.yml when starting server to add new options
(3.x) add spectator mode
(3.x) transfer config additions automatically when updating
(3.x) put automatic team members into random teams instead of the same ones every time (looking at you magenta...)

(BUG) Load player data in a bingo world does not teleport the player out
(BUG) advancement progress is not reset correctly? (MORE INFO NEEDED)
(BUG) kicking a player from a bingo world displays teleportation failed error even though it worked (related to playerdata)
(BUG) fix kickplayers for multiple players (has to do with an issue between loading player data and teleportevent from gamemanager)
(BUG) (TESTING NEEDED) singleplayer teams kick players out of game when it ends, and not always back in again